{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f5\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red18\green22\blue34;\red68\green78\blue89;\red14\green14\blue14;
\red12\green12\blue12;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green48\blue71;\red51\green54\blue57;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red165\green165\blue165;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c8627\c11765\c17647;\cssrgb\c33725\c38039\c42353;\cssrgb\c6667\c6667\c6667;
\cssrgb\c5098\c5098\c5098;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c8627\c24706\c34902;\cssrgb\c25882\c27451\c29020;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c70588\c70588\c70588;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww30040\viewh18900\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf2           								LEADERSHIP PRINCIPLES\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs36 \cf2 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Customer Obsession (XX)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Leaders start with the customer and work backwards. They work vigorously to earn and keep customer trust. Although leaders pay attention to competitors, they obsess over customers.\uc0\u8232 
\fs20 \cf4 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Ownership (XX)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Leaders are owners. They think long term and don\'92t sacrifice long-term value for short-term results. They act on behalf of the entire company, beyond just their own team. They never say \'93that\'92s not my job.\'94\uc0\u8232 
\fs20 \cf4 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Invent and Simplify\uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs24 \cf3 Leaders expect and require innovation and invention from their teams and always find ways to simplify. They are externally aware, look for new ideas from everywhere, and are not limited by \'93not invented here.\'94 As we do new things, we accept that we may be misunderstood for long periods of time.\uc0\u8232 
\fs20 \cf4 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Are Right, A Lot\uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs24 \cf3 Leaders are right a lot. They have strong judgment and good instincts. They seek diverse perspectives and work to disconfirm their beliefs.\uc0\u8232 
\fs20 \cf4 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Learn and Be Curious  (XX)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Leaders are never done learning and always seek to improve themselves. They are curious about new possibilities and act to explore them.\uc0\u8232 
\fs20 \cf4 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hire and Develop the Best\uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs24 \cf3 Leaders raise the performance bar with every hire and promotion. They recognize exceptional talent, and willingly move them throughout the organization. Leaders develop leaders and take seriously their role in coaching others. We work on behalf of our people to invent mechanisms for development like Career Choice.\uc0\u8232 
\fs20 \cf4 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Insist on the Highest Standards\uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs24 \cf3 Leaders have relentlessly high standards \'97 many people may think these standards are unreasonably high. Leaders are continually raising the bar and drive their teams to deliver high quality products, services, and processes. Leaders ensure that defects do not get sent down the line and that problems are fixed so they stay fixed.\uc0\u8232 
\fs20 \cf4 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Think Big\uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs24 \cf3 Thinking small is a self-fulfilling prophecy. Leaders create and communicate a bold direction that inspires results. They think differently and look around corners for ways to serve customers.\uc0\u8232 
\fs20 \cf4 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Bias for Action (XX)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Speed matters in business. Many decisions and actions are reversible and do not need extensive study. We value calculated risk taking.\uc0\u8232 
\fs20 \cf4 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Frugality\uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs24 \cf3 Accomplish more with less. Constraints breed resourcefulness, self-sufficiency, and invention. There are no extra points for growing headcount, budget size, or fixed expense.\uc0\u8232 
\fs32 \cf4 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs48 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		
\fs40 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Earn Trust\uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs28 \cf3 Leaders listen attentively, speak candidly, and treat others respectfully. They are vocally self-critical, even when doing so is awkward or embarrassing. Leaders do not believe their or their team\'92s body odor smells of perfume. They benchmark themselves and their teams against the best.\uc0\u8232 
\fs24 \cf4 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs40 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Dive Deep (XX)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs28 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Leaders operate at all levels, stay connected to the details, audit frequently, and are skeptical when metrics and anecdote differ. No task is beneath them.\uc0\u8232 
\fs24 \cf4 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs40 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Have Backbone; Disagree and Commit (XX)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs28 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Leaders are obligated to respectfully challenge decisions when they disagree, even when doing so is uncomfortable or exhausting. Leaders have conviction and are tenacious. They do not compromise for the sake of social cohesion. Once a decision is determined, they commit wholly.\uc0\u8232 
\fs24 \cf4 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs40 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Deliver Results (XX) 
\f1\fs28 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Leaders focus on the key inputs for their business and deliver them with the right quality and in a timely fashion. Despite setbacks, they rise to the occasion and never settle.\uc0\u8232 
\fs24 \cf4 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs40 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Strive to be Earth\'92s Best Employer\uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs28 \cf3 Leaders work every day to create a safer, more productive, higher performing, more diverse, and more just work environment. They lead with empathy, have fun at work, and make it easy for others to have fun. Leaders ask themselves: Are my fellow employees growing? Are they empowered? Are they ready for what\'92s next? Leaders have a vision for and commitment to their employees\'92 personal success, whether that be at Amazon or elsewhere.\uc0\u8232 
\fs24 \cf4 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs40 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Success and Scale Bring Broad Responsibility\uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs28 \cf3 We started in a garage, but we\'92re not there anymore. We are big, we impact the world, and we are far from perfect. We must be humble and thoughtful about even the secondary effects of our actions. Our local communities, planet, and future generations need us to be better every day. We must begin each day with a determination to make better, do better, and be better for our customers, our employees, our partners, and the world at large. And we must end every day knowing we can do even more tomorrow. Leaders create more than they consume and always leave things better than how they found them.\uc0\u8232 
\fs32 \cf4 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
Coding club miscommunication can serve as an example.\
\
When there was lots of work to do how did you manaage : Created task list, based on priority and managed\
which task I will be doing, when I will be doing and  how much time needed to allocated, which task is urgent and needed to \
be delivered quickly and which one can wait more. Based on that I actually managed all those task and even\
though it was a little tiring experience still I managed to come out from that pretty well.\
And also for the future, I have now a list ready which can be used to further ease my work.\
\
Describe the mistake and how you handled it ?\
There was a time when I was writing a API service in which I have to add multiple textures to the 3d object, All the things were correct but when you are \
doing this process, alignment of points matters, i.e Coordinates, otherwise texture won\'92t show up on the object. So I did all that process but with wrong \
coordinates alignment and lots of incorrect calls were made due to which objects were shown blank or With no texture. But when all the process happened \
I was not able to see texture and after a while I realised that mistake, I quickly looked into it, and after some debugging and verifying things I quickly made the \
edits and made it all correct again. As The problem was identified early on, After some time I resolved the issue and my mentor was happy that I handled \
situation quickly and effectively and identified and fixed the issue. I learnt that never took anything for granted and always crosscheck\
Before making significant changes. I make sure that whatever the requirement is I fulfilled that properly and double check for errors. So it helped me to grow.\
\
\
How do you handle a task which is assigned by manager never seen before ?\
Example of taking screenshot of puppeteer library\
\
Priority question on work, managing and priortizing work ?\
"As soon as I get to work, I record the assignments I need to complete and list them in order of highest to lowest priority based on the due dates. \
This helps me manage my workflow and keeps me on track with what I need to get done for that day."\
\
\
What would you do when you have disagreement with your manager ?\
One time I disagreed on with my manager when He asked me to implement a certain feature using a third party library but that library was not getting \
correct results after tested on some cases and tried to convince that this is not good but manager said I received this library from some other senior developer,\
so after researching and doing lots of test cases, I generated some test suites and bring that to the person who recommended that library and then we \
both analyzed it again and came to a conclusion that I was right and this library is not correct then I reached out to the manager and explained the situation, \
he was quite happy that I saved some extra overhead which could be there If we had been going with this library. The main part was that before claiming \
anything I tried to get actual results and I everyone was happy with the result because whenever we are having arguments we should use verified cases and \
verified results to show our side instead of just explaining things, that makes resolution much faster. (color detection library)\
Task was color detection library, We upload an image and then it will give a cooler pallet which will tell which cooler is used and in what amount.\
Fo ex : If I upload a photo of panda then, it will give a list of color for ex. Panda is black and white and sitting on grass, so there will be three major coolers\
Black, white and some texture of green.\
\
\
Describe a time when you have to make a difficult decision ?\
In last year when pandemic was there I had the opportunity to work in a company as a developer, which was a very good opportunity but my college started to open and this means I have to manage somehow both things because my college was not allowing to join, but after thinking about I decided that I will talk to my recruiter and if they don't have any problem with the timings, then I will be able to join, they had no issued about it, so I attended the mandatory classes and worked for the company at the same time, even though sometimes it was very tough to manage all things together but it did bring me many good things, I wasI learned many things which I wouldn't have the chance to learn if I hadn't join that time. so in the end that difficult decision really paid off and worked very well for me.\
\
\
When you delayed your work and what was the reason for the delay ?\
I was given a task of implementing a feature which required some research about the right tool and library to be used for the implementation of the feature \
because I had to build that feature by researching a bit choose proper set of tools so, started researcing and finding out resources to implement that feature,\
but I was very vague and was reading and consuming here and there and wasted lots of time and acutally wasted a lots of time in that phase, \
but after sometime I talked it about my fellow member in the team, he guided me to some useful resources which helped him in the past about those tool \
required, so he guided me to specific repos and resources and I eventally studied them and was done with the feature but due to the wastage of time earlier,\
My work was delayed and I explained everyting to my mentor, and he understood my situation, but I learned a lesson that we should no go blindly about \
anything and try to get as much info. we can before acutally diving deep into the task, this can save a lots of time later on.\
\
\
Time when you exceded your expectations ?\
(building of puppeteer when I had no knowldege of that things)\
\
\
What should be the 17th amazon leadership principle according to you ?\
Feedback : Amazon is known for his customer obsession and feedback is one the most important thing in relation to actually see if our customer is happy\
or not. It provides a way to verify our products and actually ask from out customers what other features and services they need in future and in this way \
it can positively impact customer statisfaction.\
\
\
Read question given to me carefully\
don't jump to the code directly, explain your approach first\
always test your implementation and final state of your ds\
if optimal not coming to mind so be it, just give whatever is coming to you first\
\
\
Q -> situation where you provided excellent customer service ?\
Or\
Q -> Tell me a time when you went above and beyond or excedeed your limitation / going above and beyond\
\
Situation Task Used : Collecting data for ML image interpretation feature \
\
One time I was working on render scene task, In this task I was given the data including in the form of 3d models, and related data regarding positioning,\
sizes etc. I need to render that data on to the scene, and store their views. Task was simple that is just render that scene and store those views but I\
even went beyond this contacted my seniors and we communicated on some extra things that can be done to deliver even more efficient and better \
result like including custom colors on to the scene, including different views and many more little tweaks which can improve the overall view of the scene\
and once I got those extra information and I worked on that task and delivered it on time with some extra tweaks and my manager was happy with my \
performance because the client was even more happier with the results and appreciated the willingness to go deeper into things and deliver more efficient\
result and initiative to go even further and deliver best possible result, by facing this situation I learned there is always some room for improvement \
and If we are ready to take initiative then we can even provide better customer service.\
(what kind of extra tweaks : like providing different angle of view or multiple views and different perspective combination, like for a particular room \
we may have different views for seeing it, including shadows formation like those tweaks)\
\
Time you made a mistake ?\
I was working on product transfer cron job, and during my task due to some bug in my code resulted in wrong queries, and it deleted some part product \
collection, and our staging website stopped working properly as data was not getting back due to wrong delete operation. Actually there were three env.,\
first my level then staging level where all changes were pushed and reviewed before releasing finally to production level and I deleted some part of \
staging level collection, but I quickly realized it and told my backend senior that this has happened and I will fix it ASAP, I requested my manager to \
give me access to backup storage collection quickly pull out the data from backup collection and write code making that collection same as current one\
and then deployed it, and within I guess 2-3 hours everything became normal as it was. My seniors appreciated how I handled the tense situation \
and took quick actions to overcome my mistake and I learned my lesson that need to be extra careful while doing the sensitive work which can\
 halt the whole working, and I did that kind of task after that many times but I made sure that those mistakes never happened.\
\
\
I always like to work on projects which impacts a large no. of people and there is lots of learning, even. There will be the times when I will have to \
something and I might not have any knowledge regarding that task but thats fine as long as I am willing to learn more, dive deep more, there \
will be opportunity to explore new tech. new problems and new solutions, whenever we do something about which we don't have any idea initially,\
it gives us lots of learning and self confidence, When I was working on projects , I had no knowledge of 3d stuffs but I dived into it, \
watch tutorials, docs, practised it a lot, before using it into the project and by doing that I expanded my knowledge and it was very fulfilling experience.\
I look forward to learning more, and excited to help build products which can help millions and become a better software developer in the process.\
\
I try to understand problem properly and try to perform very best I can. Like to gather all requirements then learn all the tools and tech. required for the\
task and focus is on learning for implementation part. Try to think of all possible edge cases and handle them. I try to take regular feedbacks from\
my manager and seniors on the areas where I can improve, I believe this is one of the crucial aspect for improving yourself, and then work on the\
 feedback and pushes hard to do my job effectively.\
\
Bias for action : sometimes decision making gets tough, when you are in a middle of the tasks, things start to get little messier, therefore I rely on\
 planning and information, but over planning to a point of perfection can disturb the progress, when I was given a feature which was auto camera \
view feature in which we need to focus our camera to a point where, no. of added products are maximum., so I over planned in that situation\
searching of different ways and gathered too much info. then required and that hindered my progress. So I believe there should be a balance \
between planning you work and taking action using whatever resources we currently have. so as I learn more and more,\
I aim to be better equipped to accurately balancing between  knowledge and taking actions.\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf0 Answer for customer obsession : 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs32 \cf5 \cb6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Situation:
\f1\b0  In my previous role as a software developer, I was tasked with a machine learning data preparation project using the threes.js library in JavaScript and Node.js.\

\f2\b \
Task:
\f1\b0  The project required me to understand complex requirements and perform this operation.\

\f2\b \
Action:
\f1\b0  To ensure a customer-centric approach, I actively engaged with my mentors, manager, and the client to gather insights and understand their needs deeply. During these discussions, I proposed innovative features such as multiple view angles for rendered images and the implementation of an autofocus feature. The autofocus feature would dynamically adjust the camera focus based on the concentration of products, thereby improving the visual representation and user experience, and some other tweaks such as shadows and custom colours.\

\f2\b \
Result:
\f1\b0  By incorporating these advanced features based on customer feedback and industry best practices, I not only met but exceeded the client's expectations. The client appreciated the enhanced product visualisation capabilities, including the ability to view products from multiple angles and the autofocus feature, which significantly improved usability and customer satisfaction. This experience reinforced my commitment to customer obsession and provided valuable insights into leveraging technology to create impactful solutions.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf5 \
Learn and Be Curious and Deliver Results :\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs32 \cf5 Situation:
\f1\b0  In my previous role as a software developer, I was tasked with a machine learning data preparation project using the threes.js library in JavaScript and Node.js.\

\f2\b \
Task:
\f1\b0  The project required me to understand complex requirements and integrate new features into the system to enhance customer experience.\

\f2\b \
Action:
\f1\b0  I took a proactive approach and proposed advanced features such as multiple view angles for rendered images and an autofocus feature. These ideas stemmed from a deep curiosity about improving product visualization and user interaction. Despite challenges during implementation, I remained focused on delivering impactful outcomes.\

\f2\b \
Result:
\f1\b0  The implemented features significantly enhanced the product's usability, leading to improved customer satisfaction and a more engaging user experience. This experience showcases my commitment to continuous learning, innovation, and delivering tangible results in projects.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf5 Bias for Action\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs32 \cf5 Situation:
\f1\b0  In the forms microservices team, we received a sudden demand to improve the overall code coverage of the project to above 90%. This demand came with a timeline shift, requiring completion within two to three weeks.\

\f2\b \
Task:
\f1\b0  Recognizing the critical importance of code coverage and the impact it has on the project's quality, I immediately took action. Despite ongoing responsibilities with feature development and testing, I prioritized the code coverage improvement as a top priority, especially given the shifted timeline.\

\f2\b \
Action:
\f1\b0  I swiftly shifted my focus and allocated dedicated time to review the existing codebase, identify areas with low coverage, and implement strategies to enhance coverage. This involved writing additional unit tests, optimizing existing tests, and collaborating with team members to ensure comprehensive coverage across the microservices. I worked late into the evenings and dedicated weekends to meet the accelerated timeline, demonstrating my proactive approach to achieving goals and driving results.\

\f2\b \
Result:
\f1\b0  Through my decisive action, focused efforts, and dedication to working beyond regular hours, I successfully raised the project's code coverage above 90%. Despite the additional workload and shifting priorities, I managed to deliver on this critical task while maintaining the quality of existing features. This experience reinforced my commitment to taking swift and decisive action to drive impactful improvements within the team.\
\
Another one :\

\f2\b Situation:
\f1\b0  I was working with the Apple team on a new project, and part of my responsibilities included \
setting up the necessary access permissions, configuring the local and remote servers, and connecting \
them with different credentials and configurations.\
\

\f2\b Task:
\f1\b0  Due to holidays and festive seasons, the senior developer who was supposed to assist us with the \
setup was on leave, causing a potential delay in the project timeline. However, I was determined to take action\
and ensure that the setup was completed on time.\
\

\f2\b Action:
\f1\b0  I took proactive steps by researching online resources and reaching out to developers from other \
projects to gather the necessary configuration details specific to Apple's requirements. After numerous attempts \
and troubleshooting, I successfully set up both the remote and local servers. Additionally, I shared my knowledge\
 and helped my colleagues with the setup process, ensuring that the entire team was aligned and productive.\
\

\f2\b Result:
\f1\b0  My efforts and proactive approach led to the successful setup of the project within the specified timeline,\
despite the initial challenges. My manager recognized and praised my bias for action, as it contributed significantly\
to keeping the project on track and meeting our objectives.\
\
\
Story :\
So, recently I faced a situation, where I was working with apple team in my current project, so few of us including \
me were instructed to do the setup for new project, like taking necessary access permissions, setting up the the \
local server and connecting to remote server which require different credentials and configurations. We were \
supposed to take help with our immediate seniors for that as we were not aware of the necessary permission, \
but due to holidays and festive season going on, the senior developer from which we were supposed to ask for\
configurations were on leave, so that setup was supposed to be delayed, but I was determined to try and do it\
on my own, I researched online and asked for apple configuration specific things from developers from other\
projects which I know. And after lots of try and resolving issues, I was finally able to up the remote and local server\
and also helped my fellow colleague also for the setup. My manager praised me for my above and beyond efforts\
 as setup was done in time, and results were achieved within our timelines.\
\
Deep dive : \

\f2\b Situation:
\f1\b0  I was part of the Apple team on a new project, tasked with setting up access permissions, configuring\
db server, and managing credentials and configurations.\

\f2\b \
Task:
\f1\b0  During the holiday season, our senior developer, who were crucial for the setup and whom I was supposed\
to reach out, was on leave, potentially causing a delay. This situation required a deep dive into understanding\
the intricate details of the setup process.\

\f2\b \
Action:
\f1\b0  I dove deep into the project requirements, conducting extensive research online and seeking insights from\
developers across different projects to gather the necessary configuration specifics. I meticulously analyzed \
Apple's requirements and intricacies, resolving challenges and issues that arose during the setup process. \
Despite the initial setbacks, I remained committed to ensuring a successful setup within the given timeline. \
I setup configuration files for the project and DB setup and UAT APP setup\
\

\f2\b Result:
\f1\b0  My deep dive approach and thorough understanding of the setup process led to successful configuration\
of both the local and remote servers, overcoming the obstacles caused by the holiday season. Additionally, I\
created a doc and this with my manager, so that If in future if anything similar comes up that can be used as a\
reference. My manager commended my ability to dive deep into complex issues, as it played a pivotal role in \
keeping the project on track and meeting our objectives despite challenges.\
\
Learn and Be curious :\

\f2\b Situation:
\f1\b0  As part of the Apple team on a new project, I was tasked with setting up access permissions, configuring servers, and managing credentials and configurations.\

\f2\b \
Task:
\f1\b0  During the holiday season, our senior developer, who was crucial for the setup, was on leave, potentially causing a delay. This situation sparked my curiosity and eagerness to learn more about the intricacies of the setup process.\

\f2\b \
Action:
\f1\b0  I embraced a learning mindset and proactively sought out opportunities to expand my knowledge. I delved into online resources, studied Apple's specific requirements, and engaged with developers from different projects to understand their insights and experiences. This curiosity-driven approach led me to discover new strategies and solutions for the setup process.\

\f2\b \
Result:
\f1\b0  My curiosity and continuous learning mindset enabled me to successfully configure both the local and remote servers, despite the challenges posed by the holiday season. I not only gained valuable knowledge and skills but also shared my learnings with my colleagues, fostering a culture of curiosity and knowledge sharing within the team. My manager appreciated my proactive attitude towards learning and leveraging new ideas, as it contributed significantly to the project's success and timely completion.\
\
ML Data Preparation Situation : Customer Obsession, Dive Deep, Learn and Be curious\
Sonar Coverage deadline issue situation : Bias For Action, Ownership, Above and Beyond / Customer Obsession\
Setup project situation : Learn and Be curious, Bias For action, Ownership, dive deep\
Ownership, Customer Obsession, Learn And Be curious, Bias For action, Dive Deep, Have backbone disagree, deliver result : 
\fs48 \
\
DIVE DEEP ANSWER :\

\f2\b\fs32 Situation:
\f1\b0  While working on a rotation feature for objects in a project, I encountered sporadic issues reported by users regarding the functioning of the rotational feature. These reports prompted a deeper investigation into the root cause of the problem.\
\

\f2\b Task:
\f1\b0  My task was to identify and resolve the underlying issues causing the rotation feature to malfunction in certain cases, impacting user experience.\

\f2\b \
Action:
\f1\b0  To dive deep into the problem, I meticulously reviewed all the formulas and code related to object rotation, ensuring they aligned with the intended functionality. Despite initial findings suggesting everything was correct, I persisted in my pursuit of understanding the issue. I delved into online resources, studying articles and documentation related to rotations, specifically focusing on techniques in three.js, the library we were using for 3D functionalities.\
\

\f2\b Result:
\f1\b0  Through this deep dive, I uncovered a crucial insight: the potential problems that can arise from using simple euler angles in three.js for rotations. I learned that quaternions offered a more robust approach to representing angles in 4D, which could address the issues we were facing. I rewrote the rotation code using quaternions, and this significantly minimized the reported issues, improving the overall performance of the software.\
\
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX\
\
-> When new defect is found by tester, they create it and its status is \'93new\'94\
\
-> then it is assigned to the concerned development team team (Project lead, project manager) status changes \
to \'93assigned\'94\
\
-> After accepting the bug by dev team,  status changes to \'93open\'94, and team start to analyse the bug and start\
 working on it.\
\
-> When the developer is working on the bug its status changes to In progress.\
\
-> Make necessary changes and fixes the code then the status will be changed to \'93fixed\'94 and bug is passed to \
testing team and status changed to \'93test\'94\
\
-> After bug getting fixed the tester will test the bug and if no bug is detected on retest then status assigned to \
\'93verified\'94\
\
-> After verification of fix, if the bug is no longer exists then the status of bug will be assigned as \'93closed\'94.\
\
-> If the defect remains same after retest then it is assigned as \'93reopen\'94 by tester and there will be defect retesting\
doc.\
\
-> If the defect is repeated then the status changed to \'93Duplicate\'94.\
\
-> In some cases status will be changed as \'93Defered\'94 and it will be fixed in the next release. If the bug found \
during end of release.\
\
-> And it is minor or not requirement immediate fixing, not related to current build or expected to be fixed in next\
release, customer planning to change the req. \
\
-> If the system is working to specification and bug is just due to some misinterpretation such as referring to old \
req. or extra features, then project manager can mark this as \'93Rejected\'94\
\
\'97\'97\'97\'97\'97\'97\'97\
\
There are some other statuses such as cannot be fixed, technology not supported, platform mismatch, data mismatch,\
 build mismatch, Need more info (if the dev. Is unable to reproduce the bug as per steps provided by the tester, \
then the dev can change the status to \'93Need more info.\'94)\
\
Difference btw bug, error, defect\
What happens when we type amazon.com\
\
\'97\'97\'97\'97\'97\'97\'97\'97\
\
Complete CI/CD Build process\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\b \cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Code Merge and Push to Remote Repository
\f1\b0 :\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf5 \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Once a developer completes their work and ensures that it meets the acceptance criteria and coding\
\ls2\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 standards, then PR is created and once it is reviewed code is merged.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl1\cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Upon approval of the PR and successful code review, the code is merged into the main branch of the\
\ls2\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
remote repository (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket).\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl1\cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
After the merge, the updated code is pushed to the remote repository, triggering the start of the \
\ls2\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}c\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ontinuous Integration/Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) pipeline.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf5 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\b \cf5 \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
CI/CD Pipeline Triggered
\f1\b0 :\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf5 \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The CI/CD pipeline is a set of automated processes that perform various tasks, such as building, testing,\
\ls2\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 and deploying the code.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl1\cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Once the code is pushed to the repository, the CI/CD pipeline is automatically triggered to start the \
\ls2\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
build process.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\b \cf5 \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\
		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Build Process
\f1\b0 :\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf5 \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The build process involves compiling the source code, running unit tests, and packaging the application\
\ls2\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
into deployable artifacts (e.g., JAR files, Docker images).\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl1\cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The CI/CD pipeline ensures that the build process is executed in a clean and isolated environment \
\ls2\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
to maintain consistency and reproducibility.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\b \cf5 \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\
		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Deployment to Beta Environment
\f1\b0 :\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf5 \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
After the build process completes successfully, the deployable artifacts are deployed to a beta environment\
\ls2\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
for testing.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl1\cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The beta environment is typically a staging environment that closely resembles the production environment\
\ls2\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 but is isolated from end-users.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl1\cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Deploying to the beta environment allows developers, testers, and stakeholders to validate new features\
\ls2\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 and changes in a controlled environment.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\b \cf5 \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\
		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Manual and Automated Regression Testing
\f1\b0 :\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf5 \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Quality Assurance (QA) engineers conduct manual and automated regression testing in the beta environment.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl1\cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Manual testing involves human testers executing test cases to verify the functionality, usability, and performance of the application.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl1\cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Automated testing involves running automated test scripts to validate critical workflows, functionalities, and integrations.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl1\cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The goal of regression testing is to ensure that the new changes have not introduced any regressions or \
\ls2\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
unintended side effects and that the application still functions correctly.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\b \cf5 \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\
		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
QA Sign-off
\f1\b0 :\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf5 \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Once QA is satisfied with the testing results and confirms that the application meets the acceptance criteria, they provide a sign-off or approval for promoting the deployment to the next environment.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\b \cf5 \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\
		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Promotion to Gamma (Pre-Production) Environment
\f1\b0 :\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf5 \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Upon receiving QA sign-off, the deployment is promoted from the beta environment to the gamma environment, also known as the pre-production environment.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl1\cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The gamma environment closely mirrors the production environment and serves as a final staging area for testing before releasing changes to production.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl1\cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Testing in the gamma environment may include additional validation, performance testing, and user acceptance testing (UAT) by stakeholders.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\b \cf5 \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\
		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Promotion to Production Environment
\f1\b0 :\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf5 \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
After successful testing and validation in the gamma environment, the deployment is promoted to the production environment.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl1\cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The production environment is where the application is accessed by end-users and serves as the live environment for running the application.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl1\cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Deploying to production may involve additional steps such as scheduling downtime, coordinating with operations teams, and performing blue-green or canary deployments to minimize disruption and ensure high availability.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf5 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\b \cf5 \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Monitoring and Feedback Loop
\f1\b0 :\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf5 \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Once the application is deployed to production, it is continuously monitored for performance, availability, and security issues.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl1\cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Monitoring tools and alerts are set up to detect anomalies, errors, or performance degradation in real-time.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl1\cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Feedback from end-users, performance metrics, and monitoring data are used to iterate and improve the application in subsequent development cycles.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb6 \
\'97\'97\'97\'97\'97\'97\'97\'97\'97\'97\
Types of testing\
\
My version of  story for automation : \
So, we have been storing different kinds of objects in the database, where lets stay if i am storing a particular object then I will store its dimension, its texture, its position, last used or updated any more parameters. Now over the time some objects become stale and old and need to be pulled out form the main collection and pushed to some other collection for backup or deletion. The reason for data staling could be on various parameters like last date used or object is invalid or texture is invalid or not in use anymore, because multiple objects are added and removed over the time.Now this operation we were doing monthly and mannualy, so we were running different different queries for finding out the stale data based on different parameters like object last used date, texture invalid etc.\
And mannualy after running all the queries we were finding out and transferring to the second collection from the main collection.\
So what I did I prepared a cron job in which I will setup the required DB connections, and prematurely identify all the required queries and parameters on which stale or outdated data needs to be moved, and then run the queries and in chunk fetch and send the data to required collection. So we just need to trigger this job and all the things will be done from finding out to transferring the data in one go.\
By doing this automation we saved a lots of time and human effort and not only that it reduces possibility of human errors due to lots of mannual work.\
So due to this I was able to reduce the time and managed my resources more effectively.\
\
IN START FORMAT\

\f2\b Situation:
\f1\b0 \
In our software system, we were storing various types of objects in a central database. Each object had associated attributes such as dimensions, texture, position, and last usage timestamp. Over time, certain objects became stale or outdated due to factors like prolonged inactivity or invalid attributes. Manual intervention was required to identify and move this stale data to a separate storage or for deletion. This manual process involved running multiple queries based on different parameters to identify the stale data, resulting in significant time and effort expenditure each month.\

\f2\b Task:
\f1\b0 \
As part of my role, I recognized the inefficiency of the manual process and identified an opportunity to automate the identification and transfer of stale data. My task was to develop a solution that would streamline this process, reduce human effort, and minimize the potential for errors.\

\f2\b Action:
\f1\b0 \
I decided to implement a cron job, a time-based job scheduler commonly used in Unix-like operating systems, to automate the process of identifying and transferring stale data. Firstly, I set up the necessary database connections within the cron job script to ensure seamless communication with the database. Then, I meticulously analyzed the criteria for identifying stale data, including parameters such as last usage date and invalid attributes, and formulated the corresponding queries.\
Using my expertise in database management and scripting, I developed a robust cron job script that would execute these queries at regular intervals, specifically targeting the identified parameters. Additionally, I implemented logic to retrieve the stale data in chunks to optimize performance and prevent overload on the database server.\

\f2\b Result:
\f1\b0 \
The implementation of the cron job brought about significant improvements to our data management process. By automating the identification and transfer of stale data, we eliminated the need for manual intervention, saving a substantial amount of time and human effort each month. Furthermore, the automation reduced the risk of human errors associated with manual data processing.\
With this automated solution in place, our team could now focus on more strategic tasks, confident in the knowledge that the data management process was running smoothly and efficiently. Overall, the automation initiative contributed to improved resource management, enhanced operational efficiency, and a more streamlined workflow within our software development and operations environment.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf5 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXx\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf5 								OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs38\fsmilli19200 \cf7 #1 Questions on "Customer Obsession":\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f4\b0\fs36 \cf8 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Who was your most difficult customer?\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf8 \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Tell me about a time when you didn't meet customer expectations. What happened, and how did you deal with the situation?\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How do you go about prioritizing customer needs when you are dealing with a large number of customers?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs38\fsmilli19200 \cf7 \cb6 \
#11 Questions on "Earn Trust":\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f4\b0\fs36 \cf8 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Describe a time when you had to speak up in a difficult or uncomfortable environment.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf8 \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What would you do to gain the trust of your team?\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Tell me about a time when you had to tell a harsh truth to someone.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf8 \cb1 The main idea Is to put others interest first.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf5 \cb6 \
Earn Trust Story : \
MY Story :\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 so, there was a time when I have to work on a feature uses color detection library that we were using\
so if if we pass a image then it can give all color gradients and textures from it. It was developed on top a already open sourced library OPEN CV. That library was suggested by manager.\
Now but that library was not giving accurate results, It was confusing between simple colors and textures and results were not satisfactory. I noticed that thing while I was working, \
But  instead of directly just telling these things, I first gathered some test suites, like tested it multiple times, with more that 50-60 images and lots texture and solid colors.\
Then I compiled all the results and finally concluded that this library is not accurate and its apporx at most 40% accurate but this feature was soon to be released in prod.\
That would make customer satisfaction very low, if the results won't be accurate. After created a DOC and jotted all the results and researched I gathered, I presented it to my manager. Then my manager, senior dev who was also working on the same feature, and me discussed and analyzed together, the results and did some more testing. After which, it was confirmed that this is not giving correct result, and then we worked together and took the ownership of the task, made neccessary changes, like making gradient effectiveness more accurate and verified the mathematics that were used in made some changes on that.\
After those changes we were able to bring the accuracy over 95 % , My manager and senior mentor were very happy by the steps that I took,\
I not only presented the issue but actually brought some tests and research along with it, so that we can have candid and honest discussion. There was a lot of learning from that incident personally for me\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs18 \cf10 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs32 \cf5 \cb6 Situation
\f1\b0 \cf5 :\
During a critical phase of a project, I was tasked with implementing a feature that utilized a color detection library \
recommended by my manager. This library was crucial for extracting color gradients and textures from images, \
providing valuable insights for our application. For ex : if we pass a image it will generate top 5 colours and textures\
present in our image.\
However, as I delved into the implementation, I quickly noticed some irregularity in the accuracy of the results \
generated by the library.\
\

\f2\b \cf5 Task
\f1\b0 \cf5 :\
Recognizing the potential impact on customer satisfaction, I decided to thoroughly assess the accuracy of the \
library and propose necessary improvements to enhance its reliability and effectiveness before the feature's\
release in prod.\
\

\f2\b \cf5 Action
\f1\b0 \cf5 :\
But Instead of immediately raising concerns, I decided to gather comprehensive data to substantiate my \
observations. I meticulously tested the library with a diverse set of images, encompassing various textures and \
colors. With over 50-60 images in my test suite, I meticulously documented the results, noting inconsistencies\
and inaccuracies in the library's output. After compiling my findings into a detailed document, I presented it to \
my manager, highlighting the potential impact on customer satisfaction if the inaccuracies persisted. Recognizing\
the urgency of the situation, my manager, a senior developer, and I tried to analyze the results further. Together, \
we conducted additional testing, meticulously examined the underlying code and the library's functionality.\
Upon confirming the inadequacies of the existing solution, I took ownership of the task and and we were able to\
Fix the issue, Drawing upon our collective expertise, we meticulously reviewed and refined the algorithms, \
making crucial adjustments to enhance the accuracy and reliability of the color detection feature.\

\f2\b \cf5 \
Result
\f1\b0 \cf5 :\
Through rigorous testing and iterative refinement, we successfully improved the accuracy of the feature from a \
60% to over 95%. The collaborative effort and commitment to excellence were met with commendation \
from my manager and senior mentor, who appreciated the proactive approach in finding the underlying issue and \
dedication to delivering exceptional results and in turn which helped me in earning my teammates trust also. \
This experience served as a valuable learning opportunity for me, underscoring the importance of thorough \
testing, transparent communication, and collaborative problem-solving in achieving operational excellence \
and earning the trust of stakeholders.\
\
Earn Trust Second story : On Configuring the servers and helping the teammates also.\
\
\
Possible Questions to Manager : \
-> I would definitely like to know some of the improvements or optimisations / automation that amazon does boost up\
 the dev or Ops process.\
\
-> So amazon have some kind of internal tool which helps employees to manage workload effectively like some \
Tracking tool or some online tool example.\
\
\
 -> How Ticket is Resolved : \
-> So, Tickets or bugs or assignment is present on Jira / Radar.\
-> We Pick then and then change their status to in-progress\
-> Now, we made all the changes that are required whether we are working on something new or we are 	\
     Fixing something locally in our local repo. Generally we create a sub-branch to fix the issue, and work only on that\
     And once issue is fixed branch is merged.\
-> Tips (Even when you are not completely done with the dev. You should push your work regularly that prevents\
     Loss of your work if something happens locally and also people can easily track what you are working on, and\
     Anyway until PR is raised the work is not going to be for testing or production)\
-> Create PR and put reviewers once, the code is checked and pushed then build is started.\
-> Now, you can explain the steps which we prepared earlier in CI/CD build process from here on.\
\
How I manage when multiple tickets are there :\
1. Prioritisation :\
 Usually when I am loaded with too many tasks not just while in office work but in general, I rely on\
Some strategies to sort out and effectively choose out tasks. I try to sort the tasks based on their impact, due dates\
And criticality. I address each ticket\'92s importance and prioritise them accordingly to ensure that high priority and \
Critical tasks addressed first. This helps in meeting SLAs and minimising potential disruptions to business operations.\
\
2. Time Management :\
 Clear and timely communication is very essential when managing multiple tickets. I utilise\
Techniques such as time blocking  and creating a schedule to allocate dedicated slots for each task. Not only it helps\
In tracking the task but only you have clear view of how much productive you were during the day based on how\
Many task you were able to do in allocated time and dividing big tasks into smaller chunks and making realistic \
Deadline is also very crucial.\
\
3. Communication : \
This is very important aspect also, clear and timely communication is very essential when \
Managing multiple tickets. I try to communicate with my manager and team members and other relevant stakeholders\
On how the things are proceeding  and what is done, and what need to be done in future, any issues. By doing this\
We can foster transparency and trust while managing workload efficiently.\
\
4. Delegation : \
In case workload becomes overwhelming, It might be a good idea to delegate the task to team members who have\
Necessary expertise and bandwidth. It can allow me to focus on high priority tasks that needs my immediate actions\
While ensuring that other tasks are also addressed effectively.\
\
5.  Continuous Monitoring and Adjustment : I continuously monitor the progress of tickets and assess their status and\
Any bottlenecks or issue that may arise. Like we should be as flexible as possible when handling multiple tasks,\
Because there might need be another task come which might need our immediate attention and will have to\
Prioritise that issue. So, adaptability is very important while handling multiple tasks.\
\
6. Self care and stress management : \
Managing multiple tickets and overloaded work can be stressful at times also. So making sure our mind and body\
Remains fresh and productive, its essential to take care of them too, so exercising and taking small breaks is also\
Crucial, drinking water and all of these things comes handy when you have lots of things in our plate. \
\
\
SLACK STORY\
During my tenure as a software engineer at my previous organization, I had the opportunity to lead a project that \
exemplified operational excellence in our development practices. The project involved enhancing our application's \
monitoring and alerting capabilities by integrating Slack notifications to promptly address critical issues and \
communicate effectively within our team. It all began when we identified a need to improve our incident response \
and communication processes. We noticed that critical events, such as exceeding performance thresholds or \
encountering errors, were not always addressed in a timely manner, leading to potential disruptions in service and \
impacting customer experience.\
\
To address this challenge, we decided to integrate Slack notifications into our Node.js application, allowing us to \
receive real-time alerts and collaborate efficiently on issue resolution. However, before diving into implementation, \
we needed to ensure that our Slack integration would align with operational excellence principles and meet our \
team's needs.\
\
First, we set up a Slack app in our workspace and carefully configured the necessary permissions to send messages to channels. This involved selecting the appropriate permission scopes, such as 
\f5\fs28 \cf5 chat:write
\f1\fs32 \cf5 , to enable our app to interact with Slack's messaging functionality effectively. We also obtained an OAuth access token, which served as the authentication mechanism for our app's API requests to Slack.\
\
Next, we focused on implementing the Slack notification logic within our Node.js application. Leveraging the 
\f5\fs28 \cf5 @slack/web-api
\f1\fs32 \cf5  package, we developed a function to send Slack notifications whenever critical thresholds were exceeded or errors occurred. This function was seamlessly integrated into our application's monitoring and alerting workflows, ensuring that relevant team members were notified promptly when action was required.\
Throughout the implementation process, we prioritized reliability, scalability, and security. We incorporated error handling and retry mechanisms to handle network errors or API failures gracefully, ensuring the robustness of our notification system. Additionally, we documented our integration thoroughly, providing clear instructions for future maintenance and onboarding of new team members.\
Once the Slack notification integration was deployed to production, we conducted thorough testing to validate its effectiveness and reliability. We simulated various scenarios, including threshold breaches and error conditions, to verify that Slack notifications were delivered accurately and promptly. Any issues or discrepancies were promptly addressed and iterated upon to refine the implementation further.\
As a result of our efforts, our team experienced significant improvements in incident response times and collaboration. Critical issues were addressed proactively, minimizing service disruptions, and fostering a culture of accountability and continuous improvement. The Slack notification integration became an integral part of our operational toolkit, empowering our team to deliver exceptional service and reliability to our customers.\
Reflecting on this experience, I am proud to have led a project that exemplified operational excellence principles. By embracing innovative solutions and leveraging technology effectively, we were able to enhance our operational capabilities and drive tangible value for our organization.\
\
CUSTOMER OBSESSSION\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Situation :\
So, There was a time when I was assigned a task which was collecting data for ML image interpretation feature, There was a ML based feature \
which our team was responsible to launch, In that feature provided an image, the software will tell which kinds of furniture and objects were used \
in that image, \
for ex, lets say I selected an image having different kinds of sofa and chairs then software will tell us all the products which are used in \
that image. I was responsible for completing this whole task.\
\
Task\
My job was to prepare data, for that feature(so that ML team can work on that). If have an image then re-render that image using all objects\
and its attributes which were stored in our DB int the form of objects coordinates positions and texture and all the other requirements to render that object.\
So if I want to render a sofa on the scene then I pull out the object positions, alignment and texture from the DB and then integrate everything to render it\
On the screen and after rendering we need to take SS and store them in a file.\
\
Action\
So after clarifying all the requirements and settling into the final output. But  I saw an opportunity to go above and beyond that, and add more enhancement to\
Our final output which can improve our output and produce better results.\
instead of just simple SS view, I discussed with my manager that we can make some more features to our output to make it even more effective, so I \
discussed some tweaks like instead of single type of view we can provide different viewing angle of SS, with adjusting camera settings, adding some custom colors\
 to our scene \
and object which is not assigned by admin etc, adding shadow feature and features such as autofocus camera feature in which camera object with help of\
Internal calculations automatically focuses on the scene where concentration of object is maximum, this improves overall output and can produce better results.\
\
Result\
when I was given a go then I added those extra things and eventually it increased the effectiveness of our output and my manager and client were impressed \
and commended me for going above  and diving deep into requirement and providing excellent customer service.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs32 \cf5 \cb6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Result:
\f1\b0  By incorporating these advanced features based on customer feedback and industry best practices, I not only met but exceeded the client's expectations. The client appreciated the enhanced product visualisation capabilities, including the ability to view products from multiple angles and the autofocus feature, which significantly improved usability and customer satisfaction. This experience reinforced my commitment to customer obsession and provided valuable insights into leveraging technology to create impactful solutions.
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf5 \cb6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf5 Above and beyond / Deliver Results\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs32 \cf5 Situation:
\f1\b0  In the current team, I was responsible for developing various features such as providing or revoking \
accesses for different users, writing end-to-end APIs, and ensuring comprehensive unit tests for these features. \
However, we faced a sudden demand to improve the overall code coverage of the project to above 90%. \
This demand came with a timeline shift, requiring us to complete the code coverage improvement which shifted \
the deadline to 2-3 weeks prior to actual deadline.\
\

\f2\b Task:
\f1\b0  Recognizing the critical importance of code coverage and the impact it has on the project's quality, and client\
Expectations, I took ownership of this task. Despite having ongoing responsibilities with feature development and \
testing, I prioritized the code coverage improvement as a top priority, especially given the shifted timeline.\
\

\f2\b Action:
\f1\b0  I immediately shifted my focus and allocated dedicated time to review the existing codebase, identify areas \
with low coverage, and implement strategies to enhance coverage. This involved writing additional unit tests,\
optimizing existing tests, and collaborating with team members to ensure comprehensive coverage across the \
microservices. I worked late into the evenings and dedicated weekends to meet the accelerated timeline.\
\

\f2\b Result:
\f1\b0  Through my proactive ownership, focused efforts, and dedication to working beyond regular hours, I \
successfully raised the project's code coverage above 90%. Despite the additional workload and shifting priorities, \
I managed to deliver on this critical task while maintaining the quality of existing features. The customer were very\
Happy that even I want put on the difficult situation, I want able to deliver the required results.\
This experience reinforced my commitment to taking ownership of challenges, driving impactful improvements,\
 and ensuring timely delivery within the team.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}