{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red29\green19\blue42;\red255\green255\blue255;\red12\green12\blue12;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c15294\c10196\c21961;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c5098\c5098\c5098;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww30040\viewh18340\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 SQL Data Types\
1. Text : Can contain any type of data. We usually reserve data that can perform calculations on other specialised data types.\
2. Numeric : Holds numbers in different format such as currency, integer and decimal.\
3. Date / Time : Contains variation of Date / Time data.\
4. Boolean : Indicates a Yes / No condition.\
\
Data Integrity :\
We need to make sure certain things so that our database don\'92t blast : \
-> Relationships well defines\
-> Keys such as primary key and foreign key well defied\
-> Fields consistency\
-> Proper default values added\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa60\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Default values
\f0\b0 \'a0are used when there is no data in an attribute, or a very common condition occurs. The DBMS automatically inserts the default value if none is provided.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Null values
\f0\b0 \'a0are placeholders in a table and indicate no data has been written to a particular attribute for a given record.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Referential integrity
\f0\b0 \'a0ensures the foreign key always links back to a primary key in another table.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa60\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Indexing :\
Indexing helps in speeding the data retrieval process when there are large number of records being searched.\
We should consider primary keys, secondary keys, foreign key and any other heavily searched field for indexing. Generally DB creates indexing on primary key.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs32 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Subject: Inquiry: Entry-Level and Experienced Software Engineering Roles\
Hello,\
I hope this message finds you well. I'm Sourabh Kumar, a software engineer at Infosys with over 1.5 years of experience in backend technologies. My expertise lies in Java, Spring Boot, Angular, JavaScript, and Node.js. I'm enthusiastic about exploring opportunities within your organization, both at the entry level and for those requiring more experience.\
I've attached my resume for your consideration. I'm keen to discuss how my skills and experiences can contribute to your team's success. Please feel free to contact me at your convenience to schedule an interview or if you need any further information.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Best regards,\
Sourabh Kumar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 \
}