{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww30040\viewh18340\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 1. Prioritisation\
2. Time Management\
3. Team collaboration or effective communication\
4. Monitoring of issue and statuses\
5. Feedback with manager and client on issues\
7. Adaapabillity\
6. Self care and stress management\
\
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX\
\
Situation :\
I was working on ML Data Creation Project in my previous org. Client asked us to prepare data for them. We had a \
3d visualisation software tool in which we can visualise a scenery for ex a room or garden in a 3d model using libraries\
Like 3js. So we had different objects stored in our Db which should be rendered in scene then we take image from it and\
Save it for for ML Team.\
\
Task :\
So My task was to bring all the objects from the DB and re render into the scene, for re-rendering we need all the positions\
Texture and other required attributes of the object, which we are already stored in the DB. So I have to fetch all those\
Infos and integrate them and render that scene on the screen and create image from it. \
\
Action :\
While I was working on this feature I saw an opportunity to enhance this task and some more features to this task so that\
Customer can get more efficient result. So, I purposed some tweaks like instead of simple rendering we can, provide \
Muliple view for the render with an autofocus feature. In this feature camera focuses automatically to the place which has\
Most concentrated objects in the scene which can improve our result for identifying the objects in the scene. Similary In \
Place of simple scene solid colours and shadows can also be included which helps in identyfiying the objects more easily.\
\
Result :\
So after I proposed this enhancements my manager and client reviewed it and were happy to include this enhancement in \
The task, After I completed the task. My client and manager appreciated me for thinking above and beyond, and not only \
Fulfilling just bare requirements, I was ready to take initiative to improve our product and deliver better results.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Situtation : \
I was assigned a task which uses color detection library which was built on top of open source library. I had to use\
That library and write backend api services.\
\
Task :\
While using that library I found some irregularities and inaccuracy, once we pass a image to the library it had to return\
Top 5 colours and texture from it. But result was not accurate and I had to fix the issue regarding that.\
\
Action :\
So instead of directly raising the concern I decided to throughly test it, so I prepared a test suite of around 30 images, \
And tested it, and then I found that results were around 70 % accurate. So once I tested and checked all the result\
I prepared a small doc about the issue and result I have found. My senior dev. And manager sat and analysed the results\
And we came to the conclusion there is some improvements required in the library. So we collaboratively fixed the issue\
Which was regarding color detection matrix, and texture and solid color identification.\
\
Result :\
My manager was happy that before the feature went to prod. We were able to detect this issue and fixed it, which could have\
Potentially impacted the customers, through this I was able to earn trust of teammates and managers.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}