{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red12\green12\blue12;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c5098\c5098\c5098;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat3\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww30040\viewh18340\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Certainly! Below is an example of how you can set up and call an AWS Lambda function for image processing using the AWS SDK for JavaScript (Node.js):\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs30 \cf2 Setting Up Lambda Function:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs32 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Create Lambda Function
\f0\b0 :\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Create a Lambda function named 
\f2\fs28 imageProcessingFunction
\f0\fs32  in the AWS Management Console or using AWS CLI.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Configure Lambda Handler
\f0\b0 :\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Define the handler function in your Lambda code. This function will be invoked when the Lambda function is triggered.\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\cf2 // lambda.js\
\
// Handler function to process images\
exports.handler = async (event) => \{\
    // Retrieve the uploaded image from the event payload\
    const image = event.body.image;\
    \
    // Perform image processing tasks (e.g., resizing, cropping, filters)\
    // Your image processing logic goes here...\
    \
    // Store the processed image in S3\
    const processedImageUrl = await storeImageInS3(processedImage);\
    \
    // Return the URL of the processed image in the response\
    return \{\
        statusCode: 200,\
        body: JSON.stringify(\{ imageUrl: processedImageUrl \}),\
    \};\
\};\
\
// Function to store processed image in S3 bucket\
async function storeImageInS3(processedImage) \{\
    // Your code to store the processed image in S3 bucket\
    // (e.g., using AWS SDK for S3)\
\}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 Calling Lambda Function:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\fs32 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Invoke Lambda Function
\f0\b0 :\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Use the AWS SDK for JavaScript to invoke the Lambda function from your client application.\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
// client.js\
\
const AWS = require('aws-sdk');\
\
// Configure AWS credentials and region\
AWS.config.update(\{\
    accessKeyId: 'YOUR_ACCESS_KEY_ID',\
    secretAccessKey: 'YOUR_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY',\
    region: 'YOUR_REGION',\
\});\
\
// Create a Lambda service object\
const lambda = new AWS.Lambda();\
\
// Define payload for invoking Lambda function\
const params = \{\
    FunctionName: 'imageProcessingFunction',\
    InvocationType: 'RequestResponse', // Synchronous invocation\
    Payload: JSON.stringify(\{\
        image: 'BASE64_ENCODED_IMAGE_DATA',\
    \}),\
\};\
\
// Invoke Lambda function\
lambda.invoke(params, (err, data) => \{\
    if (err) \{\
        console.error('Error invoking Lambda function:', err);\
    \} else \{\
        // Parse response from Lambda function\
        const response = JSON.parse(data.Payload);\
        console.log('Processed image URL:', response.imageUrl);\
    \}\
\});\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 Response Structure:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs32 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Lambda function returns a response with a status code and a body containing JSON data.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In this example, the body contains an object with the URL of the processed image.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You can customize the response structure based on your application's requirements.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 This example demonstrates how to set up and call an AWS Lambda function for image processing using the AWS SDK for JavaScript (Node.js). You can adapt the code to your specific use case and integrate it into your client application to handle image processing tasks efficiently.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\
\
}